Hi Mr. Smith, my name is Dr. Zhang and I'll be taking care of you today. What brings you in? I've just been feeling a bit of chest pain. In the middle of my chest I feel this sort of pressure and it started about two hours ago and it's just been pretty constant since. Can you tell me a little bit more about this chest pain? What were you doing when it first started? Well I was gardening in my yard and I was pulling out some of the weeds and that's when it first started and I thought maybe I was just tiring myself out a little bit too much so I sat down and gave it five minutes rest and it didn't really get better so I thought maybe I should take an aspirin so that's what I did and that didn't really help either and so at that point my wife told me to come in to get checked out. I think that was a really good decision that she made and I'm really glad you came in. Can you tell me a little bit more about your other medical history? Sure, well I do have a primary care doctor that I go to every year for annual health exams and I remember her telling me that I have high blood pressure, my blood sugar is a bit high although she said it's not quite in the range for diabetes yet and she also told me that I have high cholesterol and that's why I'm on atorvastatin which I take every day and I'm also on aspirin like I previously said though I took an extra dose this morning like I told you. Well thank you for that, that was very helpful information and can you tell me a bit more about this pain? As in I know it's centered around your chest, is there any other unique qualities to it that you would, how would you describe it? Well as I said earlier it feels like a bit of dull pressure sort of sitting at the middle of my chest and I do feel it sometimes shooting off to my left and right arms and even up to the jaw. It's nothing like I ever really experienced before and again it's sort of just I feel it squeezing my heart and I got worried and I thought that I should come in just in case that it's something serious. Well again I'm really glad you did come in to get evaluated and yeah so it sounds like you've, I'm just going to summarize what you told me, it sounds like about two hours ago at home when you were gardening you started experiencing this chest pain which you've never had before and it's mostly centered around your chest, it's sort of a dull pressure that's squeezing down on your heart and it sometimes shoots off to your left and your right arm and sometimes even up to the jaw. You've tried resting and that doesn't really make it better and you've also took an extra dose of your aspirin which didn't really relieve the pain either. Does that sound about right? Yeah I think you summed it up pretty well. Okay Mr. Smith no worries we're going to make you more comfortable here and we are going to get some tests going including an EKG which is to look at your heart rhythm and some blood tests to help us look at your heart as well as an ultrasound of your heart so someone will come in and basically help us look at the inside structures of your heart to see if we can better figure out what's going on okay and if the pain gets a lot worse please let us know and we're also going to give you some medications to help alleviate the pain so let us know if that makes you feel better okay it's going to be called nitroglycerin. Okay sure I will let you know so yeah please keep us updated and I'll be back to see you soon all right okay thank you doctor.
